docs: observability new relic dashboard generator (#1741)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/observability/integrations/newrelic.asciidoc

|https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/view-your-data/opentelemetry-metrics-explorer-page[Metrics]
|Explore all reported metrics
|===

== Dashboard

> We provide a preconfigured dashboard for New Relic that shows several metrics such as request throughput, error rate or JVM stats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a preconfigured dashboard for New Relic that contains several metrics such as request throughput, error rate and JVM stats.
```

Author: Done

To use the dashboard, enter your New Relic account ID below and then click on `Generate`.

> You can get your account ID from the New Relic URL in the browser.

Reviewer: Would this perhaps warrant being a note?
```suggestion

[NOTE]
You can get your account ID from the New Relic URL in the browser.
```

Author: Done

[source,html, role=render-only]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/tools/observability/newrelic/dashboard-generator.ts[render,tags=snippet,indent=0]
----

> Copy the dashboard JSON from above, and then open the New Relic UI in the browser.
> Open the `Dashboards` view, and then click on `Import dashboard` in the top-right.
> Paste the JSON that you copied from above, and then click on `Import dashboard`.

Reviewer: Would this make sense being a list?
```suggestion
* Copy the dashboard JSON from above
* Open the New Relic UI in the browser.
* Open the `Dashboards` view, and then click on `Import dashboard` in the top-right.
* Paste the JSON that you copied from above, and then click on `Import dashboard`.
```

Author: Done
